 I-> Basic Street Sense   
      
	Wherever you are - on the street, in an office building or shopping mall, 
driving, waiting for a bus or subway - stay alert and tuned in to your surroundings. 
	Send the message that you're calm, confident, and know where you're going. 
	Trust your instincts. If something or someone makes you uneasy, avoid the 
person or leave. 
	Know the neighborhoods where you live and work. Check out the locations of 
police and fire stations, public telephones, hospitals, or stores that are open
late. 
	Look confident. Walk with your head up, as if you know where you are going. 
Keep your hands free - don't walk about with them in your pockets. 
	Keep to well-used roads. Don't use alleyways or short cuts. 
	Think ahead and plan your journey, avoiding deserted areas 
	In the dark, always stick to well-lit areas. 
	Please use the links along the left hand side to navigate this section.
 

   
 II-> Public Transport   
      
  Use well-lighted, busy stops. 
If someone harasses you, don't be embarrassed. Look for help around you. 
Watch who gets off with you. If you feel uneasy, walk directly to a place
where there are other people. 
   
 III-> Travel Tips   
      
  It is always worth letting someone know where you are going, the route 
you intend to take and when you expect to return. Plan your journeys - work
out how to get there and back. 
Put aside enough money for the return fare. 
If you lose your fare money or ticket, speak to the driver/guard/ticket officer
and explain. Carry some identification on you to prove that you are genuine. 
Never be tempted to walk home alone, especially if it's dark or you are unsure of
the area. 
   
 IV->  If Someone Tries To Rob You   
      
  Report the crime to the police. Try to describe the attacker accurately. Your
actions can
help prevent others from becoming victims. 
 
 V->   Self defense

   If someone tries to snatch your purse, let it go. Most injuries from robberies
occur when people resist during purse snatches.
   If you are attacked, whether you resist and how you resist will depend on your
personal resources and your personal values. Give some thought right now to what
you would do in various situations that could arise. The more you have thought ahead,
the more likely you will be to act in the way you have planned.

   In considering your reactions to different situations, keep these three basic rules in mind:
	Trust your instincts.
   	Don't be afraid to be impolite or make a scene; this is especially important if someone
   you know threatens or attacks you.
       	Try to remain calm and use your imagination and good judgment; give yourself time to think.

